=head1 Susan Lunn

=head2 Contact Information

=over

=item
1200 Haight Street

=item
San Francisco, CA 94117 

=item
L<slunn@csh.rit.edu>

=item
L<http:github.com/emollient/>

=back

=head2 Objective

I am looking for a fall co-op starting August 2015 until Decemeber of 2015.

=head2 Summary

I am incredibly passionate about Free Open Source Software and Women in Computing.
These are both issues I hold near and dear and try my hardest to contribute to each
to their respective communities. When time permits, I am contributing to open source
projects on Github as well as volunteering for the local chapter of Girl Develop It. 
I've also come to realize that most of my learning, especially in the Computer Science 
field, must be done outside of the classroom setting. As such, I spend much of my 
free time working on personal projects and have subsequently been able to pick up
new things relatively quickly.

=head2 Education

=over

=item Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY

=item 

Major: B.S. Computer Science

=item 

Expected graduation: May 2018

=back


=head2 Technical Skills

=over

=item Fluent Languages

=over

=item

Python, C, Haskell, Java, Javascript, R

=back

=item Operating Systems

=over

=item

RHEL 6, Arch, Solaris, Fedora(16+), CoreOS

=back

=item Tools

=over

=item

Docker, Git, Make, LaTeX, BASH 

=back

=back

=head2 Personal Projects

=head3 Aphrodite

=over

=item 

February 2015

=item

A Haskell web app using the Scotty framework and Yesod's Template Haskell that
finds all the local Planned Parenthoods within an address/GPS location via the
Google API, and routes the user there via public transportation. It is aimed at
low-income women without access to personal transportation.

=back

=head3 Deploying Docker

=over

=item

November 2014

=item

Deployed a linux container platform that allows the automation of software applications on a local Computer
Science House machine known as Hactar. Docker builds on top of a few different linux container technologies,
and we used it as a test platform for in-house written applications

=back

=head3 Algorithmically

=over

=item

December 2014 - Present

=item

L<https://github.com/emollient/Algorithmically>

=item

Implements several different common algorithms and data structures in popular as well as new, cutting edge
programming languages. Then running the unix time command and some nifty bash, it records the time
each algorithm takes to run and stores the value. The values are then graphified and published online, using
D3 javascript to graphify them

=back

=head3 Git By a Truck

=over

=item 

September 2014 - Present

=item

L<https://github.com/ryansb/gitbyatruck>

=item

It is a replacement for the tool known as ”git by a bus” which scans through a repository and checks
which developers commited to which file. ”Git by a Truck” answers the question about a repository ”if 20%
of the developer team were to be hit by a bus, would the project survive?” The project is written using
the Pyramid framework, a python web framework. Using libgit for C bindings, and stored procedures that
are triggered on insert, we add information about a repository and process it. The front-end rest points are
currently being written by me, as well as pretty D3 javascript graphs.

=back

=head3 MyShell

=over

=item

December 2014

=item

Wrote a basic unix shell in C that implements piping, standard I/O redirection and all commands found
within the PATH variable as well as a set of its own internal commands.

=back

=head2 Experience

=head3 LinkedIn

=over

=item 

Systems Engineer Intern

=item

06/08/2015 - Present

=item 

L<https://linkedin.com>

=back

Worked to make logs from CF Engine humanly readible. Built thousands of servers
and helped the process which enabled them to be built more effectively. Helped
Linkedin finalize which container solution to continue with.

=head3 Golisano College of Computing and Informational Sciences

=over

=item

Computer Science Researcher

=item

01/29/2015 - 05/15/2015

=item

L<https://www.cs.rit.edu/research/overview>

=back

Developed a micro-benchmarker that produced statistics and graphs for provided
executables and their corresponding arguments. Written with a python script with
output piped into a graph generated R script, it produced box-and-whisker plots
as well as outputting ANOVA and T-tests for the supplied executables.

=head3 MAGIC Center @ RIT

=over

=item 

Back-end web developer - R+D

=item 

08/15/2014 - 01/15/2015 

=item

L<http://magic.rit.edu/foss/>

=back

Working on writing a web application that uses ArchivesSpace - a standard for
museum websites, to display data about toy makers. It is meant to be displayed 
in a children’s museum soon.

=head3 Earth Moves

=over

=item 

Web developer 

=item 

04/15/2014 - 08/15/2014

=back 

Worked on several applications per client request. My two main projects were building a web scraper
to pull thousands of eye glass frames and aggregate them, from several websites, this was written using the
Python library Scrapy and bootstrap CSS to display data. Then I built a web application for doctor’s and
hospitals to manage their operation trays, which was written in Python using the Pyramid Pylons framework
and bootstrap CSS framework.

=head2 Extracurricular

=over

=item

CSH - Computer Science House

=over

=item

Full active member

=item

L<http://www.csh.rit.edu/>

=back

=item

FOSS@MAGIC(Free Open Source Software) - Active member

=over

=item

Collaborate to make free, open source software and to hack cool things.

=item

L<http://magic.rit.edu/foss/>

=back

=item

US FIRST Robotics Team 1230

=over

=item

Programmer

=item

L<http://www.usfirst.org/>

=back

=back

=for comment
vim:tw=80
